# 10/21 Meeting

- Ok to continue same story, focusing on one fleshed-out house, others with more "placeholder" feel
- Jack to take over story Bible
- Research distributed according to role/responsibilities
- Savannah to help with creative writing/dialogue
**- Establish timeline. 5.5 weeks to finish this. **

- Thais to start on replicating mechanics from the Cube game. 
 1. Arrows to click on to navigate the 2D space.
 2. Multiple rooms, down arrow means back. 
 3. Grab and drop items. Click on item, it disappears from the environment and appear in the inventory system.
 4. Assets to create for UI: Arrows, inventory/bags.
 5. Music/Sound design - Thais and sound libraries.

**Story Bible Expectations?**
 1.  characters
 2.  events, with focus on beginning events 
 3.  worldbuilding components
 4.  resources, but not **too **research-extensive. 
 5.  overview of how the player navigates the narrative and gaming space

**Notes:** <:amoong_us:864747694227718175> 

Just like the cube game, you have four arrows to choose from. Single click on an arrow switches the perspective/where the camera is angled. Easier to code, dealing with a 2D space rather than a 3D one-- indoor spaces will strictly be 2D.
Outside the room, (LOBBY) still 2D or slider/platformer. Enhance the environment with layers, environmental additions/particles/shaders. 
Significance of zooming in on the character? - Savannah
Magical realism for its safety net in authenticity
Classtime is our meeting and work sessions. If we need more time to discuss, we meet before class, or really whenever possible.

**Character Design:**
Does the Toyol look like a ghost or a normal baby? 
- Savannah to create concept art of Toyol, ranging from pure apparitions/ghosts (Cube) to normal but eerie child (Little Miss Fortune) - both pixel art options and non-pixel art
- Art Style. Cyberpunk, post-apoc, solarpunk, etc etc etc. Which elements do we want to pull from in terms of genre? (Aki from Citizen Sleeper, This War of Mine, etc)

**Houses:**
- 3 Houses. One house works, 2 are placeholders that need fleshed out. Final one is a linear ending- kill or not kill the mother. 
- What do we want in the first house? Mapping out the story/game procedure, but focusing primarily on the first house to establish narrative
- What components of the house are interactive components? How do they tie into the story and exploration of such?

**Plans for Tuesday:**
Locate visual references - Stories to derive inspirations from, not necessarily to reference or copy.
Concept art
Historical events and how to fictionalize them
